1 Git vs Svn
What are the differences between git and svn?
git is more local based, where the majority it not all of the data is on your computer. SVN is more centralized, where all of the data is more on one super server.

2 Commiting to svn
How are commits handled in svn?
commits are handled by having it upload directly to the server rather than having it on your local device first and then uploading it to the server like you would with git.

3 Checking out svn
How are check outs performed in svn?
It gets a working copy from the repository

4 Bring me my .svn!
How do you create the local working environment with svn (the .svn directory)?
you create the directory, go into the directory and then use svn admin create to create it.

5 Adding to the chaos
How do you add files to the repository?
you use svn add * to add all of the files in your current directory and then use svn mv to move them into a different folder.


6 It’s like a tree
How are branches handled in svn?
branches are different directories

7 or maybe a forest
How many branches can you have at any given time?
Limitless

8 Working copy
What does your local copy of a repository look like with svn?
it looks like a long list of branches from the trunk with all of my commits.

9 Status
How do you check the status of the files you are presently working on?
svn status

10 Life of a branch
How long are branches in svn supposed to exist?
limitless

11 Taping it together
How do you merge branches?
svn merge

12 We see a need!
Why was svn created?
to fix the bugs and supplied some missing features in CVS

13 A day in the life of svn
What is a typical svn workflow?
create repository online or on a centralized server, connect working repository to local device, begin working on project, commit whenever needed.

14 What were they thinking?!
What was the design criteria for svn?
to fix bugs and provide features that were not available on CVS

15 Time machine
How do we view the past of a project with svn?
svn log <URL or path to repository>

16 Great Scott!
If there was a mistake made in the past of a project, how should we go about correcting that mistake in svn?


17 The initial upload
If you have an existing project and want to start tracking it with svn, how do you copy your existing files to the repository the first time? Does this create the .svn directory in your local folder?


18 Local SVN
Can the client/server setup required with svn exist on the same computer?


19 For the admins
Did SVN provide any difference in tools between how you do server side
commands and client side commands?


